After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Project Title / One sentence description:

uReview - Book Reviews by you and your friends

2. The Heroku URL for your web application:

https://hidden-coast-53870.herokuapp.com/prove/week07/New.php

3. The GitHub URL for your source code repository:

https://github.com/MisterANDER50N/CS313-php

4. A link to the SQL file that contains the commands used to create your tables (e.g. a link to the myDb.sql file at GitHub, or something similar).

https://github.com/MisterANDER50N/CS313-php/blob/master/db/project1_updated.sql

5. Please provide a brief description of what your project does and how to use the application. Make sure to include any required information like a username and password.

You are able to create a profile and sign in in order to create or read book reviews.
You can create a user or sign in with 'Tester' and password being 'test1ng'

6. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.

going back to any page other than the userPage will crash the page.  I don't know why?

--------------------------------
Project Self-assessment
--------------------------------

For each of the following requirements, please replace the "(YES/NO)" with either "YES" or "NO" as to whether or not your work met this requirement.

Requirements
------------
(YES) 1. Your web application is running in Heroku.
(YES) 2. Your latest source code is in GitHub.
(YES) 3. Your web application uses data stored in the session.
(YES) 4. Your web application uses a PostgreSQL database at Heroku.
(YES) 5. Your database schema includes foreign key references.
(YES) 6. Your web application includes an SQL SELECT query that joins multiple tables.
(YES) 7. Your web application includes an SQL UPDATE or INSERT statement.

For each of the following criteria, please replace the "(A-E)" with either the "A", "B", "C", "D", or "E" category you feel best describes your work.

Categories
----------
A - Some attempt was made.
B - Developing, but significantly deficient.
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate.
D - Meets requirements.
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements.

Criteria
----------
(C) 1. Professional look and feel.
(E) 2. Accomplishes a meaningful/interesting task.
(C) 3. Demonstrates skill with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
(E) 4. Demonstrates skill with PHP.
(E) 5. Demonstrates good database design principles.
(E) 6. Demonstrates skill in database retrieval.
(E) 7. Demonstrates skill in database modification.
(C) 8. Demonstrates mastery of client-side/server-side coordination and communication.
(D) 9. Overall project evaluation.

10. Finally, please provide an overall description/justification of the categories you selected.
I am not very good at making websites look professional, both my unfamiliarity with javascript and other tools like it just make pages look dated.
Also I am not good at coming up with new ideas of how to present information.
However with those limitations I was able to create what I felt were sophisticated database insertions and retrievals that demonstrate my understanding of the material on more than just a basic level.